wepub: Fetches Wikipedia pages and turns them into an EPUB eBook
================================================================

Requirements
------------

- Bash
- Calibre
- cURL
- html-xml-utils

Usage
-----

The following shows a typical use of wepub:

  wepub britcoms.epub http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Bean ...

The first parameter to wepub is the name of the EPUB file to output
to, while the remaining parameters are the URLs of the Wikipedia pages
to include in the book. Each page is included in the order it appears
on the command line.

If the .epub suffix does not appear in the name of the output file, it
will be added. The optional -t flag is used to specify a title to
include in the EPUB's metadata. Thus, the following command line
produces a file called bc.epub whose title metadata is set to "British
Comedies":

  wepub -t "British Comedies" bc http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mr._Bean ...

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2011, Patrick Rondon
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions
in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
